Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Our game...
is going to be released on console!
Everyone from Alcohol Soft,
let us join hands...
And start a worldwide revolution!
Come over
Kogyaru Club
This is a cosplay club run by Ichigaya.
Maybe it's time I looked
into this Ichigaya...
Alcohol Soft is real busy working on
the console port with Diamond Studio!
I'm so jealous!
I want to make a game with my art,
and port it over to console, too!
But look at me...
Kogyaru Club
Why am I out here on a stakeout?!
Just to double-check, but
I'm a time traveler!
I am, right?!
Starting tomorrow, you'll
be staking out this club.
Huh? Why me?
Isn't it obvious?
No one will miss you if
you're not at the office.
I'll lend you one of my cell phones,
so let me know immediately
if anything happens.
Listen to me.
Make sure you keep a good lookout.
Don't do anything unnecessary.
Grr...
I know I said I was okay
with doing chores...
I did, but still!
What's the point of staking this place out?
Kogyaru Club
Come have
some fun
with me
Let's play
16bit Sensation:
Another Layer
Newsflash
Y2K Problem: What is the PM's Answer?
On the Year 2000 problem,
the Prime Minister has issued
instructions to take full measures,
and prepare for any
unforeseen circumstances.
"Believe in Me!"
Now for our next story.
First Nostradamus, now the Year 2000 problem!
Tokyo police have denied alien involvement
in the uncovered case from 14 years ago...
One apocalypse after another!
Whoa!
That's super cute!
I made so many revisions after
getting feedback from everyone!
The CG repaints are proceeding
on schedule, too.
Now we just need to swap out the
hentai scenes for cute ones!
Like adding steam to hide the naughty bits,
or putting clothes on naked shots.
It may be a port, but it's best
that we handle the CGs ourselves!
Kao-san, you're really pulling
out all the stops here!
That goes without saying!
A bishojo game lives and dies by its art!
An eroge with no ero, huh?
Call it a bishojo game!
Oh, look at the time!
Okay, Mei-chan and I have
a meeting to attend!
Take care now!
When did this place turn
into such a chick fest?
Come over
Kogyaru Club
Phone us any time
The cosplay club that Dad's
been hanging out at...
There was more stuff from
there in the trash.
He has been reckless with his money lately.
But I have a nagging feeling
that it's more than that.
He's hiding something.
If I asked him directly, I'm sure
he'd just dodge the question.
I need some evidence here!
Boy, searching this Internet
sure is a pain, though!
Maybe I should whip something up!
I see, I see...
This character is excellent!
Another winner from Meiko-san!
You're too kind!
I'm about to head over to
a TV network after this.
Care to join me?
A-A TV network, Kao-san!
What do we do?!
What do you mean?
We came here for work, so we need to go in!
Hey, Gaya-san!
What's going on?
How've you been, man?!
Hey! Y'know, I'm so sorry!
I haven't had any time to call you!
He's a producer at this network.
He and I go way back.
I mainly work on TV anime productions.
If Gaya-san's scouted you out,
I'd be happy to talk showbiz!
T-TV anime!
Th-This is a whole new level here...
Is this the world of console ports?!
Anime is great!
But in the future, eroge could very
well get turned into TV anime!
And that could be us!
We're back...
That sure was mentally draining.
Ah. Kaori-san, Meiko-san.
Welcome back.
Sounds like you girls
are having a good time.
What were you talking about?
About Kanon, the game that just came out.
It's really something else!
I can't believe how unique the heroine is.
Her trademark phrase is "uguu"! "Uguu"!
I could understand "dayomon," at least!
That almost reminds me of Kono-chan.
I can see that.
You don't know what she's going to say next,
and she's got such a unique way of talking.
It's still cold out when
it gets this late...
Is the manager really going to show up?
Mamoru
Dad should show
up at the club.
Let me know as
soon as you see
him.
Dad should show up at the club.
Let me know as soon as you see him.
Is the manager really showing up?
I want to go back to the office.
Inbox
*Prev Next#
Mamoru
Stay on the lookout for him
Stay on the lookout for him.
What's up with that kid?
He looks like he needs help.
But right now, I'm in the
middle of a stakeout!
Mamoru even told me, "Don't
do anything unnecessary!"
What's wrong?
My coin rolled under the vending
machine, and now I can't reach it...
Dang...
Do you mind if I borrow that?
Use this like that and...
There, got it!
Thanks, lady!
Bye-bye!
Yeah!
Ah!
My mission!
Onee-sama?
It's you!
Onee-sama!
O-O-Onee-sama?!
Do you remember me?
You helped me buy Pia Carrot and Kizuato!
Huh?
Toya-chan?!
That's right!
You look way different from back then!
A total redesign!
I actually work for a game studio now!
We're making an eroge!
What?!
I was tabling for a circle at Comiket,
and they invited me to do lineart work.
Now I'm a lead illustrator!
What? That's amazing!
I'm on my way to an event for our new title,
which is why I'm dressed in this cosplay.
The artist herself, promoting the game!
The game I made is really popular!
What?!
That's great, Toya-chan!
It's all thanks to you, Onee-sama.
Huh? Did I do anything?
Yes!
You did so much for me!
When we met, you talked about
the future of bishojo games.
Hearing that gave me the
confidence I needed!
That maybe I could do it, too!
You were also the one who encouraged
me to participate in Comiket.
I really can't thank you enough!
I used to just be a plain-looking otaku,
but now I get treated like a princess.
I didn't think it'd be so easy.
Huh?
Men are such simple creatures.
Oh yeah, Onee-sama.
Are you free after this?
Would you care to join me
for dinner after the event?
There's this one café that I really like,
It's the manager!
and I'd love to catch up—
I-I'm a little busy right now!
See you around, Toya-chan!
What?
Onee-sama...
Mamoru-kun!
The manager's here!
Go after him!
What?!
You want me to go in?!
That's right!
I don't wanna go in a place like that...
Shut up and get going!
That's an order!
R-Roger...
No one plays with Tamagotchi anymore.
Don't be like that!
You were so happy when
I gave you one the other day!
It's totally out of fashion now.
Is it any fun for a girl,
coming to a club like this?
Whoa, check it out!
What's up with this hair?
You dyed it blue on the inside?
Shh!
Please be quiet!
Buy me an Aibo instead!
That thing's so cute!
Hey now, girls!
I'm the owner of this joint, you know!
You've got some nerve talking
to the owner like that!
The owner?
You should be a little nicer to me!
I'm about to become a big shot real soon!
For real?
Well, I bet you wouldn't get it, anyway!
Kaori and Meiko should
be thanking me, dammit!
They're always looking down on me for
not knowing jack about video games!
Talking real big for a bunch of artists!
I don't get it, but that's wack.
Just you wait!
Ichigaya and I are gonna take the
video game industry by storm!
I'm the one who managed
to land the console deal!
They don't know...
how much money I've invested
to make that happen!
Invested?!
Screw the artists!
The president deserves the most credit!
Good job, prez!
I need to let Mamoru know!
Wait, that's me!
Good job, me!
Alcohol Soft
Just you wait!
Ichigaya and I are gonna take the
video game industry by storm!
I'm the one who managed
to land the console deal!
They don't know...
how much money I've invested
to make that happen!
Screw the artists!
The president deserves the most credit!
What the hell is this?
Am I the one who said that?
I was drunk, so I don't remember.
Manager...
What investments are these?
W-Well, that's not important here...
It damn well is important!
Are you saying the console port was in
return for putting money up for Ichigaya?
Y-You've got the wrong idea.
Ichigaya liked the game you guys made...
What's the problem with that?!
No matter the reason, the
game is gonna be on console!
So, how much are we talking?
Huh?
How much money did you
fork over to Ichigaya?!
In exchange for the console port!
Sh-Shut your trap!
What would you know about doing business?!
Dad.
You became the owner of that
cosplay club, am I right?
I looked it up.
You took joint ownership with Ichigaya
for a number of his businesses.
You used company money for that, didn't you?
You didn't raise the pay for any of us...
How dare you spend it on that?!
Shut up! Shut up!
Don't talk back when all you
do is make your little games!
Are you the ones making the deals?
Running the business?!
Why do you get to have all
the fun making games?!
You guys get all the damn credit!
I'm the president of this company!
When do I...
When do I get to do something great?!
Have any of you heard
about dot-com companies?
It's never been a better time
for American IT companies!
Which is why it's the perfect
time for me and Ichigaya
to start a new company in the US that
combines the Internet and video games!
This is gonna be real big!
Excuse me, everyone.
Huh?
Please excuse my interruption.
If I could ask you all to
come to the conference room.
I'm sorry, Hashimoto-san.
Now's not the time for—
This is an urgent matter.
Ichigaya-san has been arrested.
Game creator Hikaru
Ichigaya has been arrested
Tokyo
Diamond Studio
Suspect Hikaru Ichigaya
Arrested on scene today
Breaking News
Renowned game creator suspected of fraud
Approached multiple individuals with startup offers
on suspected charges of massive fraud.
Arrested for alleged fraud
Suspect Hikaru Ichigaya (37), game creator
Ichigaya is charged with colluding with
those in the television industry.
Total losses may exceed three billion yen
He is said to have approached multiple
individuals with false startup business offers,
and fraudulently soliciting
investments from them.
The total losses are estimated
to exceed three billion yen.
Ichigaya, a renowned game creator known
for the hit 1987 series, Fire Dragon,
is believed to have been facing
financial trouble in recent years...
They arrested Ichigaya-san...
What?!
What's going on here?!
Manager.
He suckered you out of your money.
Th-This is some sort of prank.
It must be a misunderstanding.
He would never lie to me.
He said that we were...
Dad.
He was stringing you along.
Oh, brother.
Give it back...
My one billion...
What?
O-One billion?!
With the manager a scam victim
in an investment fraud scheme,
Alcohol Soft suddenly found themselves
one billion yen in debt.
Kao-san!
I just came back from Ichigaya's
Diamond Studio office.
It was swarming with debt
collectors and policemen,
so I didn't manage to get anything back.
Maybe it's time we closed up shop.
In the end, Ichigaya was no better than
a scummy eroge company president.
Nothing but big talk, while
never showing up for work.
If only the manager had been
content with humbly making games.
Having a hit title on his hands
completely messed up his life.
If we had taken a step back, we could
have realized something was wrong.
But we all bought it hook, line, and sinker.
Well, come on!
Who wouldn't want to see
their game on console?!
I'm sorry.
I wasn't thinking clearly...
You're not to blame at all, Mei-chan!
Treating us like your personal wallet!
He won't get away with this!
Um...
Kono-chan.
Does this mean you're not
going to make games anymore?
I'll still make games.
Only...
it may not be at this company.
Mamoru-kun!
You're still here, huh?
Well, the development room
is where I've been sleeping.
Dad was hospitalized from
the shock of it all.
Makes you laugh, doesn't it?
He's never had an ounce of business sense.
One billion yen...
Opening a computer shop after mass
retailers started carrying them.
Starting a game company, despite never
really having played a video game.
I knew all of this, but I let
him be, so maybe I'm no better.
Was there really nothing
more I could have done?
You did plenty.
You even tracked him down.
Still!
I came back in time again, but
I was powerless to do anything...
It's just too awful!
I had a hunch that something was wrong.
When someone from the future like
you had no idea who Ichigaya was.
Mamoru-kun, who's that?
I didn't take things seriously.
I had second thoughts about
believing what you said.
However...
I might have been able
to prevent all of this.
And even if I couldn't,
I could have at least paid
attention to what Dad was up to.
If I had done that, maybe I could
have kept everyone's dream alive.
Everyone's dream?
Mamoru-kun, you think this is your fault?
Maybe it wasn't.
But I can't deny I was a
little too unsuspecting.
Mamoru-kun, you love Alcohol
Soft deep down, don't you?
Not really.
I've been...
just stuck here the whole time.
Mamoru-kun!
Let's make a game!
I'll do the art, so let's make a game!
We'll use it to save the company!
Ugh...
Hey!
This is the part where you go
all whammo, then "yeahhhh"!
What's with the "ugh"?!
I've always wanted to make a game
with everyone at Alcohol Soft!
I knew if I was going to make a game,
I wanted it to be with all of you!
But I couldn't say it...
I was too afraid of changing the past.
But still!
If we don't use my powers now, then when?!
The game I've always wanted to make!
I know that I want to make
it right here, right now!
Ugh...
What?!
"Ugh" again?!
I can't deny that your drawing was amazing.
To be honest, it feels
straight out of the future.
But what can you do with just drawings?!
We're talking one billion yen! One billion!
You can't possibly make one
billion yen off an eroge...
Mamoru-kun, you still don't
understand the power of bishojo.
Bishojo has way more power than you think!
As someone from the future, I guarantee it!
Besides, I'm not alone!
Everyone at Alcohol Soft believes
in the power of bishojo!
If we all work together,
nothing's impossible!
The other day, I helped out a boy I met,
because he was in trouble!
It doesn't matter whether
I change the past or future!
I want to do whatever I can, right now!
Mamoru-kun, are you fine
with just giving up?!
Are you fine with losing everything?!
I don't think you are!
I know all too well that your heart
is burning with passion deep down!
So please!
Believe in me!
Mamoru-kun!
Can you do it?
Can you really make that amazing of a game?
I can!
I'm going to make the
ultimate game, right here!
Then have it your way.
Whatever you want to make,
I'll bring it to life.
So make the game that you want!
You can leave the programming to me!
Really? Whatever I want?
Yeah.
You name it!
You mean I can activate beast mode?!
What the heck is beast mode?
Um, beast mode is when,
well, you go all out!
Sure, whatever.
Do it!
Go beast mode!
All right!
HELP for help
MENU1      MENU2     MENU3      SPLIT         FIND           REPLACE      CUT         COPY       PASTE     TAG:JP
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
"Every Storm Hardens the Earth" ↵